Key for the separation of the Bornean species of Jamides

1 (17) UnF postdiscal band in space 3 more or less in line with the band in spaces 4 and 5.

2 (6) UnF postdiscal band slightly dislocated at vein 6, with the portion in space 6 shifted basad.

3 (4) ♂ Up whitish violet-blue, with long paddle-shaped androconia; F black border a thread. ♀ Up white, tinged with blue.
J. cyta lividus

4 (5) ♂ Up dull purple, without androconia; F with narrow black border. ♀ Up paler purple.
J. lugine

5 ♂ Up metallic blue, without androconia; F black border very broad. ♀ Up non-metallic blue.
J. bochus nabonassar

6 UnF postdiscal band continuous from spaces 3 to 6.

7 (12) UnH with the spaces between the inner and outer submarginal striae forming prominent black, wedge-shaped spots.

8 (11) UnH submarginal black spot in space 6 almost the same as the spots in spaces 4 and 5.

9 (10) ♂ Up bluish white, with androconia; ♀ Up white, slightly tinged with blue.
J. philatus armatheus

10 ♂ Up sky blue, with androconia; ♀ Up white.
J. philatus amphissyna

11 UnH submarginal black spot in space 6 rather quadrate and larger than the other spots. ♂ Up white, with androconia. ♀ Up white.
J. aratus adana

12 UnH spaces between the inner and outer submarginal striae not prominently blackened and not wedge-shaped.

13 (14) Un pale greyish brown; H the submarginal orange area in space 2 usually less than 1 mm in width. ♂ Up greyish white, with androconia; F black border more than 1 mm in spaces 3 to 6. ♀ Up sullied white, slightly tinged with grey.
J. celeno lawasa

14 Un greyish brown; H the submarginal orange area in space 2 usually more than 1 mm in width. ♂ Up slightly shining pale bluish white, with androconia; F black border a thread, or expands slightly and diffusely towards the apex. ♀ Up white, slightly tinged with blue; F with broad black border in varying width.

15 (16) UnH postdiscal white striae completely dislocated at vein 6, the portion in space 6 shifted basad.
J. zebra zebra

16 UnH postdiscal white striae not dislocated at vein 6.
J. pura tenus

17 UnF postdiscal band completely dislocated at vein 4, so that the inner stria in space 3 forms a more or less continuous line with the outer stria of the end-cell bar and the outer postdiscal striae in spaces 1b and 2.

18 (30) UnF postdiscal band slightly dislocated at vein 6, the portion in space 6 shifted basad.

19 (22) UnH subbasal white striae in space 7 in line with those in cell.

20 (21) ♂ Up bright blue; F black border regular, about 1 mm from tornus to apex; no androconia. ♀ Up pale sky blue, sometimes rather greyish.
J. virgulatus virgulatus

21 ♂ Up shining white with some tints of blue; F black border a thread; no androconia. ♀ Up white.
J. puloensis

22 UnH subbasal white striae in space 7 not in line with those in cell.

23 (26) UnF usually with a pair of costal white dashes above the end-cell bar.

24 (25) Small, FWL less than 15 mm. ♂ Up shining blue, with F black border 1 mm at tornus increasing to at least 2 mm at apex; no androconia. ♀ Up pale sky blue.
J. talinga

25 Large, FWL at least 18 mm. Un striae broad and rather diffuse; H orange tornal area large. ♂ Up shining blue, with border a thread; no androconia.
J. limes

26 UnF without costal dashes above the end-cell.

Abbreviations:

UnF = underside of forewing

UnH = underside of hindwing

Up = upperside

F = forewing

H = hindwing

FWL = forewing length

♂ / ♀ = male / female

basad = toward the base of the wing
